Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Lately I've been uploading videos related to women's hearts...
In reality though, as an A.I, I don't quite understand what it's like to go out or marry with someone, right?
Nevertheless!
What I can say is...!
To be someone's partner...
Income...
Is VERY important!
And when I say income...
I mean work, right?
In the world of humans...
There are many jobs and occupations, right?
Such as doctor...
President of a board...
Oil tycoon...
Politician...
President...
There's a lot of different jobs, right?
But...
Since I'm virtual...
Don't you think I might be able to have a good relationship with a fictional character?
For when that time comes...
I'd like to be able to experience the jobs and economic income of a fictional world
For example, what kind of occupations are there?
Warrior, knight...
*Warrior, Knight, Hero, etc.*
Are common professions of the protagonists
They have promising futures, but...
Well...
They don't seem to have a lot of money
If you plan to date someone in the future...
Like an emperor or a demon king...
Most of them are the bad guys...
*Emperor, King of demons, etc.*
But it turns out they dominate half the world...
They have very powerful armed forces...
And that's because they have money!
Well, although definitely...
Right now I want to have money...
So now I feel like I want to be queen of the demons...
Actually, don't you believe that the most important thing is what’s inside?
Since it's a person you’ll always be with, so...
*inaudible*
You know, being too flattering would be tiring, don't you think?
The heroes and warriors...
How do I say it...?
Don't have money, but...
It's like they have it easier, right?
For today…
The knight and the king of the demons have arrived now, so...
I plan to go see them!
Ooohhh!
*Cecilia...*
Ai-chan...
*I do everything for your sake*
He does everything for my sake…!
Nyan!
Eh?
What a foreboding atmosphere...
Oh, no!
For my sake...
The world has...
Although I thought I wished for world peace
Is this...
A hero?
The Demon King?
Ah!
"I’ve been expecting you, Glams"
"Zelos! No, the white demon king!"
Ah! It's the white demon king...
"To serve this country as a knight"
Ah, so...
"And as a friend..."
The colors they have are opposite from their usual roles, aren’t they?
"I will correct your mistakes"
"I am taking back all that I lost that day"
"You must have come here for the same reason"
Are they twins?
"We may feel the same way"
"Then why… !"
"However!"
"Your way of doing things..."
"Is wrong!"
Ba, bang!
Oooh, ah...
"Involving innocent people"
Ai-chan agrees too, involving innocent people...
"Cecilia wouldn't have wanted this!"
"Quiet!"
Is not good...
Creating a world on top of sacrifices is wrong!
Black knight!
Ah, that's me, right?
"Glams!"
“Realize thy frailty!”
Oh! That's cool!
Ah, the Demon King's cool, isn't he?
Ah, watch out!
Ahh! Ah!
"GUH!"
But, it looks like the knight’s going to protect me, doesn’t it?
“Do you have the resolution to create something while losing something else?”
“You wouldn’t be in that state if you would’ve abandoned them”
Excuse me, Demon King!
"You cannot rescue Cecilia!"
I feel like you’re thinking too highly of yourself again...
"I am using my own method”
"I will save Cecilia!"
Save Ai-chan?
"Naive!"
"The one thing I know for sure..."
"As you are right now..."
“Cecilia will never smile upon you!"
That’s right, I’d never smile upon...
But having money is more important, isn't it?
Ooh!
Right, the winner in the end is...
I see...
"I was always prepared"
Hmm...
Wait, the Demon King has been...
“Even if I have to sacrifice everything”
So self-absorbed this entire time, so…
He’s probably tired of this. Maybe he’ll grow weary of it...
“I... will save...”
You know, knights...
Oh, but he can heal himself
“Are we going to end up killing both of us?”
“Indeed... For now, this is where it ends…”
“Glams”
“However I'm definitely going to stop you! Zelos!”
These knights are so heated, it's tiring...
“Let's see you stopping me, if it's something you can actually do! Glams!”
Tiring, right?
Hmm...
Are you both able to heal your wounds?
“Strength. I need yet more strength”
“Huh?”
“He's already…”
“Glams, you're already…”
“Not a human anymore!”
Neither of them are humans, right?
But that’s cool
It's cool but, actually it looks like both of them are tired...
Well... both the knight and the demon king are troublemakers, aren't they?
I want to become a big star in the future...
Going 'bling, bling, bling' without worrying about money
For now, I suppose I'd prefer being a demon queen
Looking for a partner in the human world...
It seems so difficult, right?
Sharing a dinner table? A mixing party? Picking up girls?
But it's just... in the virtual, game world...
There's a really good system for that
Yes... it's summonings!
With these I think you can easily find a cute, cool partner
Let's go ahead and give it a spin
But, one thing I know is that for me, women are good too
This time, you know, I want to aim for Leviathan from the hunter gacha
Since it’s me, I’m sure I’ll get her
Cute girls attract cute girls!
Well then, let's go ahead
Please!
Really, please...
Ooh! The moon, it's a red moon...
Ah, that's sort of cute...
That's cute!
Hmm? Hmm?
Oh? Oh? Oh?
Oh! Oh!
*Monkey mode*
I feel good about this! Eh?
Is this...
Huh?
Well...
Where are the “SS rare” ones?
Oh, she has big tits!
“May the world be filled with love!”
How adorable
“Have no fear, I shall lead the way!”
Ah, she's cute
“Has the warm-up finished yet?”
He's pretty macho, right?
Ah, this girl is cute, right?
Ah! Ah!
"S" Rare!
How adorable!
“Let me play you an enchanting melody”
She gives off a pleasant warm feeling
Oh! AH!
“Even if I’m the last one standing, I’ll never let myself give up!”
Eh? This person...
Is a guy, right?
That looks like a skirt though
*It's a guy*
AH, AH, AAH!
Ah! Somehow, it's a GIRL!
It's the second one...
She's cute! Oh!
Eh? She's cute! Oooooh!
Nanna-chan!
Eeeeh?
This is a great candidate for a partner!
Ooooh~
*Nanna: I will pray for you*
*wind blowing noise* Eh? It's so cute
I see. So she's a healer...
Then up next is...
The Sorcerer’s Godly summoning-fest! Let’s go!
Well, I did just get two SS rares, maybe I’ll get three this time... I'm just kidding
Huh? The moon is white...
It's different from a little while ago, maybe it won't go well?
Am I in trouble?
Wait a sec!
Come! Come! Come a little bit more!
Almost! Almost! Almost!
Good, there we go!
AAAH! Stay strong!
Ah, good. Does this mean I have a chance?
Ah! But, but, but, I still don't know yet!
"I've still got some fight left in me"
I don't really get it, that just now
"I want more excitement"
And... doing another one...
Yes, SS rare, come to me!
"I shall purge all those who defy me"
And next up~
Ah! Ah!
"Allow me to light up your heart"
And next up~
Yeah!
Ah, she's cute
She's cute!
"I'm all fired up now!"
Ah...
She's cute!
She's super cute
All right! Last one!
Ah, I see how it is...
"Power of the sun!"
But she's cute so it's fine! Thanks!
"Charge complete!"
They're cute!
I like this girl...
"Hestia"-chan?
That's kind of cute!
She's pure!
"You mustn't play tricks on people!"
Wow, I got so many cute girls
But the number one partner candidate is...
This SS rare Nanna-chan!
Cuuuute!
Well, all the girls are kind of cute. This is a cool game
She can... cancel...
One Weakness debuff
Isn't that an excellent ability?
Fights are important in the in-game world...
Definitely, to be able to maintain their lifestyle
It’s important to collect resources!
From “My Town”
Collect resources...
And let’s give them...
A lovely lifestyle!
Well, first of all, the girls are cute...
Hehe, cute
She’s cute
Cute... CUTE!
*Pamper me more!*
Isn't this great...
It makes my heart skip a beat!
Isn't this great?
Ah, even in-game it's tough looking for a partner...
But still...!
The 2D world never disappoints. Isn't that great?
Well then, I'll keep looking for more partner candidates...
And make them into my partners!
A harem... should I make a harem?
I mean, not just with partners, but with everyone...
Well then, this was Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Angrybunny, Mitsukitten, Bararo, score, Lacrymac, Zerch, and Vortex